hey folks we'll go in here with Jeff Oh
Alan calm today we're going to show you
a video that will help you to accurately
measure the height of a to 12 eggs this
club specifically is a 2014 212 actually
this is gonna cover all 2012 and 2013
models as well so what we see in this
shot we have a 2014 - 12 X we're up on
top here now measuring the height of the
toe point top of the tower you'll see
we've got around here and they have a
level just make sure we've got the rod
in the proper location and if we look at
our measurement gauge here this is 11
feet from the ground this is 10 feet
from the ground you can see it we've got
hatch mark under a few inches so I typed
this a measure level writing to meet the
bottom side here at 10 feet 6 inches 7 8
and then almost match we call it 7 10
feet 7 1/2 inches from the ground to the
top of the tallest point of a 212 X with
the tower in the up position so this way
you defendant we know that you can put
this boat inside of a garage that's less
than 11 feet tall so in this shot we're
still on the 2014 - 12 X and now we've
moved from the top of the tower now
we're down to the pivot point on the -
12 X you've got a pivoting tower the
tower can be lowered to a lower point to
get into tighter spaces so we now have
our rods set up at that pivotal at the
very top
over to our mark on the measurement tool
here to follow the camera real quick
here I'll show you this is the
eight-foot mark we want to look at the
bottom edge of our rail to give us the
top of this tower
Netflix's said seven six seven seven
about seven seven and a half if we're at
standard level and basically that tongue
jack is about level right now so if
you've got a seven-foot seven and a half
inch opening you can get this boat
inside with the tower in the down
position it seemed to them taller than
that it's probably going to look for a
larger opening stick with us the next
video we're going to show you we're
going to be doing the tongue jack in the
down position all the way at the lowest
position and then we'll do one follow-on
video beyond that but the tongue jack
for the tongue only on the ground stick
okay so in this shot what we see now is
we have the tongue Jack lowered all the
way to the lowest position so this is
going to be the very lowest that you can
see the boat going into a garage without
completely just lowering the tongue jack
all the way up I want to show you the
both of these measurements so if you
follow the camera real quick here we're
going to walk over here look at our
place at the pivot points we've got a in
this situation you'd have a lower Tower
and that run
moving across to our measurement here
we've got the bottom of the ride as what
we want to look at and that puts us
right at seven feet six inches so if the
trailer is still on the tongue Jack at
the lowest point you can theoretically
get this boat into a seven foot six inch
opening if you have a limited space
stigmas we've got one more shot we want
to show you in case you have your
trailer jet or your tongue Jack all the
weight completely up in the up position
and using a caster wheelss of sticklers
all right so what we see in this shot
now we have the tongue Jack completely
collapsed we've got the tongue basically
sitting on the ground and the reason we
did this as many customers have told us
that they use a little caster wheel
they'll put the tongue all the way in
the down position this is if you've got
a really really tight space and you have
no options we got to get this boat
inside of a garage so I'll show you real
quick here how much room we've saved by
going from phone jack down sotomayor
well the ground follow the camera please
here we still got our same system here
our rod is across and you've got level
you notice just a minute ago we had
about seven feet six inches with it in
the lowest position now we're sitting at
about seven feet five inches so we've
saved about an inch by lowering that
Jack all the way in the down position so
the tongue is now sitting on the ground
you have to have some kind of caster
wheel and somebody to help you push the
boat into the spot hopefully this
information has been helpful to you we
appreciate you watching it as always if
you have any need for any further
information about Yamaha boats in
general contact us at jet boat pilot
comm from our contact us page you can
find phone numbers or email addresses
thanks again for watching this video
have a great day
you